Rumours of secret stash incited Gulshan mob: CA press wing

Preliminary investigation into the attempted looting at a Gulshan house reveals that Shakil Ahmed, a former caretaker of the property, was responsible for spreading rumours that Tk 200-300 crore might be stashed inside the house. Preliminary investigation into the attempted looting at a Gulshan house reveals that Shakil Ahmed, a former caretaker of the property, was responsible for spreading rumours that Tk 200-300 crore might be stashed inside the house.

This misinformation prompted a group of 20-25 individuals to forcibly enter the residence and attempt to loot valuables under the guise of conducting a "search", said a statement issued by the chief adviser's press wing. The Ministry of Home Affairs has reiterated that no individual should take the law into their own hands following the incident, which took place around midnight, said the press wing statement. It urged citizens to report any suspected crimes to the nearest police station and reaffirmed the government's commitment to maintaining law and order. The looting attempt targeted the Gulshan residence of the former wife of Tanvir Imam, son of former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's political adviser HT Imam. According to the statement, the group broke down the door and ransacked the house, vandalizing property in the process. Upon receiving a distress call through the national emergency helpline 999, law enforcement, including officials from Gulshan division, the officer-in-charge of Gulshan Police Station, and members of the army, arrived at the scene around 12:30am. Three individuals were subsequently detained, and a case is currently being processed at Gulshan Police Station. The detained individuals have been identified as Shakil Khandakar, 24, Jewel Khandakar, 48, and Shakil Ahmed, 28. Authorities also revealed that two nights earlier, another group attempted to enter the residence under a similar pretext but was dispersed by the police before any incident occurred. This misinformation prompted a group of 20-25 individuals to forcibly enter the residence and attempt to loot valuables under the guise of conducting a "search", said a statement issued by the chief adviser's press wing. The Ministry of Home Affairs has reiterated that no individual should take the law into their own hands following the incident, which took place around midnight, said the press wing statement. It urged citizens to report any suspected crimes to the nearest police station and reaffirmed the government's commitment to maintaining law and order. The looting attempt targeted the Gulshan residence of the former wife of Tanvir Imam, son of former Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's political adviser HT Imam. According to the statement, the group broke down the door and ransacked the house, vandalizing property in the process. Upon receiving a distress call through the national emergency helpline 999, law enforcement, including officials from Gulshan division, the officer-in-charge of Gulshan Police Station, and members of the army, arrived at the scene around 12:30am. Three individuals were subsequently detained, and a case is currently being processed at Gulshan Police Station. The detained individuals have been identified as Shakil Khandakar, 24, Jewel Khandakar, 48, and Shakil Ahmed, 28. Authorities also revealed that two nights earlier, another group attempted to enter the residence under a similar pretext but was dispersed by the police before any incident occurred. 